Bump PyYAML upper-bound (#1545)
kedro-org/kedro: RELEASE.md

## Migration guide from Kedro 0.18.* to 0.19.*

## Major features and improvements

# Release 0.18.2

# Upcoming Release 0.18.2

## Major features and improvements

## Bug fixes and other changes

> * Bumped `pyyaml` upper-bound to 7.0.0. Version 6.0.0 of PyYAML dropoed Python 2.7 support and relaxing this makes Kedro compatible with the [pyodide](https://pyodide.org/en/stable/usage/loading-packages.html#micropip) stack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Bumped `pyyaml` upper-bound to make Kedro compatible with the [pyodide](https://pyodide.org/en/stable/usage/loading-packages.html#micropip) stack.
```
Just to keep the release notes snappy 😀 I don't think anyone cares about Python 2.7 support. Probably most people would think it's a typo for 3.7...
